Add a blog post for android auto (#25870)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_posts/2023-01-22-android-auto.markdown

---
title: "Home Assistant coming for your car!"

> description: "Android Auto"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Today we're launching Home Assistant for Android Auto allowing you to control your home and navigate to anything with a location."
```

date: 2023-01-19 00:00:00
date_formatted: "January 19, 2023"
comments: true
author: Daniel Shokouhi
categories: Release-Notes
og_image: /images/blog/2023-01-22-android-auto/Companion.png
---

![Screenshot of Companion](/images/blog/2023-01-22-android-auto/Companion.png)

Hey everyone today we would like to announce that development has begun on [Android Auto]. In December, Google has [released] an update to Android Auto and are finally accepting IoT apps into the Play Store. As you guessed the team wanted to get features added immediately. Check out the new upcoming features the team has already started to add!

<lite-youtube videoid="Ngnd6vHb2VU" videotitle="Home Assistant Android Auto"></lite-youtube>

Once you launch the app from your head unit you will see a list of domains to choose from. The following domains will appear in the home screen allowing for simple controls such as on & off.

- `button`
- `cover`
- `input_boolean`
- `input_button`
- `light`
- `lock`
- `scene`
- `script`
- `switch`

![Screenshot of Domains](/images/blog/2023-01-22-android-auto/android_auto_domains.png)

> After selecting the domain you will see all entities within that domain. From here you can view the state (with instant updates) and also have simple touch controls to open the garage door before you head out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting the domain you will see all entities within that domain. From here you can view the state (with instant updates) and also have simple touch controls to do things like opening the garage door before you head out.
```

> After selecting the domain you will see all entities within that domain. From here you can view the state (with instant updates) and also have simple touch controls to open the garage door before you head out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tapping on a category allows you to see its entities and their state (with instant updates!). There are also simple touch controls to do things like opening the garage door before heading out.
```

![Screenshot of Entity Control](/images/blog/2023-01-22-android-auto/android_auto_entity_control.png)

> In addition to selecting a domain you can also navigate to any `person`, `device_tracker` or `sensor` that has GPS coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to selecting a domain you can also navigate to anything in Home Assistant that has a location, like persons, devices or sensors.
```
